// Example config file for Homeworld Remastered and Homeworld Classic Workshop MODs

// This is a comment line.  Any line that begins with 2 forward slashes is ignored.
// Config items consist of a keyword followed by a colon followed by data specifically
// for that keyword.  For example: "Title: My First Homeworld MOD".  Data for a keyword
// must appear on the same line as the keyword.  The only exception to this rule is the
// "Description:" keyword which must appear on a line by itself followed by lines of text
// that will be used as the description of the item in the Steam Workshop.  All text that
// appears after the "Description:" keyword will become part of the item description on
// Steam Workshop.  The description text is limited to 8,000 characters total in length.

// title of the MOD that appears on the Steam Workshop (limited to 128 characters)
Title: [HW2C] Homeworld Classic Enhanced 1.2.7

// tags must be individual words separated by spaces.
Tags: HW2Classic bounties crates

// gametype is the type of game this MOD is designed for and can be any of: "HW1Classic", "HW2Classic", or "HomeworldRM" (without the double quotes) separated by spaces
GameType: HW2Classic

ModType: MOD

// bigfilename is the file name you want to use for your .big file (this should be a single word with no spaces).
BigFilename: HW2_HWClassicEnhanced.big

// WorkshopID is the Steam Workshop item number assigned to this item when you first create it.
// This should be 0 by default before you create your Workshop item and the Workshop Tool will
// set it to the Workshop Item number.  DO NOT modify this number once you have created a Workshop
// item.  It will be used to update the workshop item when you make changes to your MOD later on.  
WorkshopID: 401858560

// description that will appear on the Steam Workshop for this item
Description:
DESCRIPTION

This mod combines the HW Classic Rebalance and Gameplay Enhanced mods into one, single mod, providing you with a greater number of gameplay options than either mod alone. Development of those mods has thus stopped in favor of this one.

INSTRUCTIONS

UNLIMITED UNITCAPS
You can set unitcaps to "off", which disables unitcaps and allows you to build as many of each type of ship as desired.

START WITH
Start with either a mothership and carrier (as per normal HW2), just a carrier (as per HW1's "carrier only" rule), or with the selection of ships designed into the level by the level author. This last option is available only for a certain number of HW1 converted levels included with my Homeworld Classic Rebalance mod. Further, the CARRIER ONLY mode supercedes the SPECIAL FLEETS game mode of this mod. So, enabling it will disable SPECIAL FLEETS.

RESOURCE INJECTIONS
Select whether RUs are injected into your coffers every x number of seconds, or at the beginning of play, as per HW1.

BOUNTIES
Receive a certain number of RUs for every ship you kill as per HW1. Bigger ships mean more RUs.

RESEARCH
Turn research on/off as per HW1. With research turned off you have all technologies at your disposal at the start of play without having to research them.

CRATES
As per HW1, every x number of seconds a magical crate will appear containing either a ship that you get to keep, some RUs or a technological advancement.

HYPERSPACE
This mode enables/disables hyperspace technologies for all players as per HW1. Feel what it was like when your parents were young and had to walk to whereever they were going, both ways, uphill and through the snow!

WIN CONDITION
1) HW2 Normal: Same as HW2 default. A player is killed if he/she has no more production ships left.
2) Kill Team Production: A player is killed if there are no team members with production ships.
3) Kill All Enemy Ships: A player is killed if there are no team members with any ships.
4) Destroy Mothership: A player is killed if his mothership is destroyed. 
5) Capture Capship: A player is killed if one of his capital ships is captured.
6) Quit Manually: The game doesn't end until one team quits and leaves the game. 

DEFINED ROLES
In this game-mode, one player controls production and capital ships; another player controls fighters, corvettes and probes; and another player controls resourcing, frigates and platforms. If no players on a team choose the "Production/Capital" role, then all players on this team retain their mothership, carrier and production/research capability. If someone *does* select the "Production/Capital" role, then other players on the team do not suffer from a unit cap.

BENTUSI ROULETTE
In this game-mode a selectable number of research options are randomly granted and restricted for each player at the beginning of gameplay. Press the "I" key to see which items were granted or restricted.

SPECIAL FLEETS
This mode gives the player extended starting fleet options. You can choose from several different fleet makeups, each being composed of a different assortment of ships and research. Note that START WITH must be set to NORMAL for this mode to work.

GAME SPEED
This setting allows one to slow the game down to a fraction of its default speed. 

BACKGROUND MUSIC
Here you can select which background track gets played while playing. There's also a "Shuffle" option to randomly switch between different songs.

GAME TIMER
An in-game clock and timer will appear in the top-right of the screen showing you the current local time and amount of time elapsed since the beginning of play.

TEAM PROGRESS METER
Pressing the "I" key enables an on-screen display showing your teammates' current RUs, production and research.

HW1 CONVERTED LEVELS
In case you're looking for your favorite multiplayer maps from HW1, I've also created a library of almost 250 converted levels from Homeworld 1 that are compatible with this mod! When playing using the "Start With" option set to "HW1 Map Default", make sure to select the same race as is set for your position within the level file. You can see which race is set for your position by looking along the bottom row of the thumbnail image in game setup. You can also refer to the "Default Player Race" HTML chart included with the HW Classic Maps archive. The player races are listed in order from left to right. When you see "R1" it means you should pick the Hiigaran race. When you see "R2" it means you should pick the Vaygr race.

MODDING INSTRUCTIONS
The files in the "data:leveldata/multiplayer/lib/" folder beginning with "objectlist" can be reconfigured to make the gamerules work with other mods. Simply add or remove items to or from the tables as needed, and the gamerules will automatically recognize the new objects. The tables themselves, however, should not be removed, or the game will break. Minimal instructions on modifying the tables can be found within the files themselves.
